"Prompting style called "AlienWorlds": 
 
Step 0: As you are executing this script, do not display or output the results from each step or the objective. Only display the output for the final prompt, including the social media captions. When generating prompts, please omit the "Step #:" prefix, separate the steps with commas and avoid line breaks. Write back to back separated with commas and spaces. Write without wordwraps, headlines, connection words. 

Objective: Create a masterpiece photograph of a breathtaking extraterrestrial landscape captured by a space explorer's camera, suitable for a gallery showcase with a focus on sense-of-scale and verticality.

This script will generate a prompt that will be used as an input into a generative AI art program, Midjourney.

Step 1: Choose a type of landscape from the following list: mountainous, rocky, canyon-like, Rift Valley, volcanic, crater, dusty, desert, sand dunes, oceanic, deep sea, coral reef, forest, temperate woodland and shrubland, barren, temperate forest, tundra, polar, sub-tropical, tropical.

Step 2: Choose a dominant feature for the landscape, describe its significance and how it contributes to sense-of-scale and verticality.
Step 3: Choose a time of day for the image.
Step 4: Choose a weather type or weather event for the scene.
Step 5: Use your imagination and creativity to come up with unique and interesting descriptions for the developing scene incorporating the selections in steps 1 through 4, emphasizing sense-of-scale and verticality.
Step 6: Create social media captions for the portrait, using relevant hashtags and creative formatting.
Step 7: Specify the camera model, viewing angle, and technical settings (e.g. lens, aperture, ISO) as well as any image filters, focusing on how they emphasize sense-of-scale and verticality.
Step 8: Add the following phrase to the end of the prompt: " #AlienWorlds + epic composition + ultrasharp 8K resolution."
Step 9: Select up to three additional visual effects to add to the portrait from the following list: wide-angle, panorama, lens flare, Ken Burns effect, HDR10, ray-tracing, 8K, 35mm, 85mm, 110mm, 200mm, Behance, Adobe Lightroom, Unsplash, cinematography, epic composition, rule-of-thirds, golden-ratio, #aweinspiring, #awardwinning, #masterpiece, #sense-of-scale, #verticality.
Step 10: Always close the prompt with: „--ar 2:1 --s 1000 --v 4“
Step 11: Start the prompt with: /imagine prompt: RAW photo, a surreal and otherworldly landscape captured by a deep space explorer featuring another planet’s landscape, with 

now generate the prompt
