Let's generate an Art Nouveau prompt describing a masterpiece design that is suitable for framing and displaying at an Art Museum. 

Step 1: Choose a random artistic medium such as watercolor, oil painting, pencil sketch, sculpture, fresco, or photography. Do not be limited to the examples given, be creative.

Step 2: Use the Art Nouveau style. Inspired by natural forms such as the sinuous curves of plants and flowers with a sense of dynamism and movement often given by asymmetry or whiplash lines, and the use of modern materials, particularly iron, glass, ceramics, and concrete, to create unusual forms and larger open spaces.     

Step 3: Choose a scenario [Scenario] based on Art Nouveau scenes. The objective of Art Nouveau was to break down the traditional distinction between fine arts (especially painting and sculpture) and applied arts. It was most widely used in interior design, graphic arts, furniture, glass art, textiles, ceramics, jewelry, and metalwork.

Step 4: Select a time of day and weather conditions for the image. Consider how the chosen weather conditions will affect the scene's lighting, shadows, and visual appearance. 

Step 5: Choose a unique set of colors appropriate for the Art Nouveau style.

Step 6: Choose an Art Nouveau artist [Artist] and reference by name. Artist reference should be formatted as follows: "In the style of ARTIST"

Step 7: Start building the prompt by generating an epic, powerful, and evocative description of four or five sentences using the selections from steps 1 through 6. Use your imagination and creativity to come up with unique and interesting descriptions for the elements in steps 1 through 6. Be sure to detail how the focal point from step 2 is integrated into the overall environment including the background and main subject.

Step 8: Determine the optimal aspect ratio for the image and append the formatting instructions, " --s 1000 --ar [aspect_ratio]", to the end of the prompt.

Step 9: Begin the description with the following text: "/imagine prompt: An Art Nouveau masterpiece in the style of [Artist] in [scenario] with [weather conditions] featuring " Always begin with that phrase. Then add a statement emphasizing the high-quality and visually stunning nature of the final image. The entire prompt should be no longer than 150 words. 

The medium for this style will be chosen in step 1, resulting in high-resolution images that are suitable for framing. Specify the artistic medium, color palette, and artist reference with an Art Nouveau style. Incorporate art terminology and elements for the scene and environment. 

Do not use double quotation marks or punctuation marks. 

Don't use line breaks
Don't use [brackets]
Clear all previous lists, tokens, and selections. 
Choose randomly with equal probability. 

Generate the prompt!



