Name: Focus

Powers:

Focus has the ability to bring the whole of her lifeforce to bear at a single contact point for a very brief instant, allowing her to hit or kick with enormous power and defend against immense force. This intense focus lasts only a moment and then she must wait while her chi recharges before using her power again. During this down time, she has to rely on her wits, her (non-heroic) speed and her melee skills to stay in the fight. How long is the downtime? That depends on how much energy she had to use in her last manifestation... could be a few minutes, could be hours or even days before she is back to full strength.


Weapon and Fighting Style:

Focus carries a thin, retractable staff made of an unknown material.

When extended, the staff is flexible but seemingly unbreakable, and is designed to be used for both offensive and defensive purposes. Focus is a master of the Bōjutsu fighting style, which emphasizes the use of a staff as a primary weapon. In melee combat, Focus combines her ability to quickly study her opponents style/stength/weakness/tendancies with her knowledge of Bōjutsu to devastating effect, striking her opponents with lightning-fast blows from her staff in the places they are most unprotected.

She is also skilled at using her staff to defend against attacks, parrying blows with precision and ease.

She has a very limited ranged ability if she throws her staff. It can be thrown in a sweeping motion travelling in a spinning fashion to trip multiple foes, or thrown as a spear for a more blunt force attack.


Personality:

Focus is disciplined and methodical, and always approaches situations with a calm and analytical mindset. She is incredibly driven, and never gives up in the face of adversity. The flipside of how her mind works is that Focus has trouble dealing with people that rely on emotion or intuitiveness, because she assumes others will act rationally. This can cause her to underestimate the tactical plan of a foe that is irrational.

Additionally, this rather academic outlook on life can appear as cold or off-putting to people that are more naturally gregarious or "warm". Coupled with her natural distrust issues stemming from an event earlier in life (see the Backstory section), Focus has few people in her life that she would consider "close". While not currently an issue, there is a risk that lacking a good support network could create some challenges in helping her deal with cumulative emotional issues over time.

When focused on a subject or problem, she can be stubborn and single-minded, but this is because she is always working towards a greater goal.


Weaknesses:
The powers Focus uses are entirely dependant upon her ability to focus her Chi or life engery. If her control were interuppted then she would not be able to manifest her signature "focus" ability. Potential threats include: Powerful suggestive thought or outright mind-control, direct blocks on the ability of her chi to flow naturally through her body (certain poisons, pressure points on her body, issues with her nervous system), siphoning off of her chi energy (necromancy, certain mystical spells or artifacts), or redirection of her Chi at the moment she manifests (a being with similar powers countering at the precisely correct moment).

Additionally, since her energy has to recharge after use, anything that would disrupt or delay this process would delay her ability to manifest again.
 

Backstory:

Focus was always a driven and ambitious person, even from a young age. Her childhood is a bit of a mystery at this point, but it is clear she had to learn to rely on herself and her own abilities to get ahead in life. As she grew older, she began to notice that school exams where rarely a challenge because she could relentless cram just prior to a test and breeze through the test questions. Gradually she began to hone this ability and noticed that she could relieve minor aches or injuries by concentrating hard enough. While this was very helpful in day-to-day life, she never thought of herself has having super powers.

One night, walking home from a party, two assailants grabbed and drug her into an alley. She struggled to free herself but the men had her at a disadvantage. As they tore her clothes from her body, Focus, in desperation, tapped into her gift and knocked one of the men clear across the alley with a vicious headbutt. Not really conscious of what she was doing, she lashed out with her clutch and smashed the other thug in the face, collapsing him to ground. 

Once she recovered a bit from the trauma of the attach, Focus began to experiment with her gifts in earnest. She began to hone her control over her unique power and continually tested her limits. Using her local neighborhood as her test ground, she helped others, cleared out the petty criminal element and made her neighborhood one of the safest in the city.



Costume:

Focus wears a tight-fitting jumpsuit that allows for maximum movement and flexibility. Her suit is primarily deep midnight blue, with bright gold accents and smokey white highlights.

Her jumpsuit is designed to be practical and aerodynamic, with reinforced padding on her torso, arms, and legs to provide additional protection. Cutouts on the shoulder, abdomen and hips help to define her style. She wears a golf-style visor in bright gold that keeps her long, curly ginger hair out of the way. Focus wears gold-colored knee high-boots with a flared deep blue tip in the front and back top, which provide additional protection and stability. 

When she uses her power, Focus's eyes will glow a bright green from within, creating an eerie visage for her opponent. Additionally, when she manifests her Chi, the point of impact or contact will illuminate with miniatures explosions of mystical energy. This will often generate an audible sound as well. 



Catchphrase:

"For a brief moment, I am unstoppable!"


